Fan Ruoli
You follow this kid pretending to be the Dragon King and contradicting the North Sentinel
When my dad gets here, you're all dead
Boy now you kneel down for me
Give me that pot of red wine
Let Fan Ruoli sleep with me for another night
I might still be able to save you a way to live
Dare to speak rudely
Look down on your head
How dare you hit me?
Fan Ruoli Xiao Yan
How dare you pretend to be the Dragon King and contradict my husband?
My sister is a blogger
I'll call him now.
Your day's official position
Beyond your crimes
Kill your dog
Li Moran is your sister who married the king
It's you. You're a civilian.
Dare to threaten me Daxia Yipin like rain
If you commit a crime, you will die.
Yes, I want them dead
Fan Ruoli, I think you're crazy
Regardless of my status as the Dragon King
The current agency of the Dragon King Palace
It has been handed over to our Zhou family
In the Great Summer
Our Zhou family is already a top priority
You are against us
You are courting death
Kill them for me
You dare to touch me?
Who dares to impersonate me?